Chuck Berry rolled over everyone who came before him – and turned up everyone who came after.  We'll miss you, Chuck.  Be good..Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then we’ll get back to work.."Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." —President Obama."She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americans—including our two daughters." —President Obama on Pat Summitt."'A strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once said—and nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." —President Obama."That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." —President Obama."When the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. We've got proof." —President Obama."Even as our economy is growing, America's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." —President Obama."I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." —President Obama."Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." —President Obama."How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" —President Obama.“This deal is not just the best choice among alternatives—this is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever.” —President Obama."A few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more Americans with disabilities." —President Obama."From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" —President Obama."If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... America will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." —President Obama."We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." —President Obama."We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfect—mile after mile, step after step." —President Obama."Justice and redemption go hand in hand." —President Obama."Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." —President Obama."Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." —President Obama."Justice is not only the absence of oppression—it is the presence of opportunity." —President Obama."Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." —President Obama."I've asked my Attorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." —President Obama."We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." —President Obama."On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." —President Obama."We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." —President Obama."For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentences—or get rid of them entirely." —President Obama."Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." —President Obama."We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." —President Obama."We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." —President Obama."What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." —President Obama."We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." —President Obama."One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." —President Obama."If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." —President Obama."I believe crime is like any other epidemic—we need to stop it before it starts." —President Obama."This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." —President Obama."Mass incarceration makes our country worse off—and we need to do something about it." —President Obama."Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." —President Obama."Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." —President Obama."Around one million fathers are behind bars. Around one in nine African-American kids has a parent in prison." —President Obama."African Americans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." —President Obama."A growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." —President Obama."Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." —President Obama."In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." —President Obama."Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." —President Obama."If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." —President Obama."Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." —President Obama."In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." —President Obama."There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in America." —President Obama."Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." —President Obama."I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NAACP." —President Obama."Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless America." —President Obama."If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." —President Obama."The last seven years—shoot, the last seven days—should remind us there's nothing America cannot do." —President Obama."When the playing field is level, American workers always win." —President Obama."No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." —President Obama."In America, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." —President Obama."We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." —President Obama."We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." —President Obama."Middle-class economics works." —President Obama."Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." —President Obama."We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." —President Obama."Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." —President Obama."And by the way, our teachers are underpaid." —President Obama."America has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." —President Obama."It's been a remarkable few weeks in America." —President Obama."No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an American." —President Obama."This wasn't about politics—this was about people." —President Obama."The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." —President Obama."You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." —President Obama."Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." —President Obama."For too long, we’ve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." —President Obama."Across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." —President Obama."America would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." —President Obama."In America, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." —President Obama."From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." —President Obama."Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." —President Obama."For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." —President Obama."The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." —President Obama."Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." —President Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates."Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." —President Obama on the Amtrak derailment."If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." —President Obama.Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first African-American woman to hold the post.."I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." —President Obama."My entire presidency has been about helping working families." —President Obama."We want to make sure we win the future. That's what America is about." —President Obama."We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." —President Obama."I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." —President Obama."We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." —President Obama."Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal pay—these are family issues and these are economic issues." —President Obama."I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." —President Obama."We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." —President Obama."We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." —President Obama."We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." —President Obama."There's nothing we can't do if the American people decide it's time." —President Obama."We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." —President Obama."Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." —President Obama."I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." —President Obama."The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." —President Obama."I want to put more people back to work—rebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" —President Obama."These ideas are not about ideology—the reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." —President Obama."Thanks to the hard work of the American people, America's coming back." —President Obama."In America, if you work hard, you can get ahead." —President Obama."We know what works. We know what we have to do. We've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." —President Obama."I've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama."I want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." —President Obama."Republicans in Congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." —President Obama."The Republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of Americans." —President Obama."There's nothing I'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working Americans get ahead." —President Obama."We've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." —President Obama."Since I took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." —President Obama."We're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." —President Obama."No matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." —President Obama."Change doesn't happen by itself. It happens because people get organized." —President Obama."We're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." —President Obama."The ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce."  —President Obama."Let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." —President Obama."At a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." —President Obama."I want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." —President Obama."We have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." —President Obama."America is poised for another good year... as long as Washington works to keep this progress going." —President Obama."And, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." —President Obama."We have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." —President Obama."Somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and Mr. Class—'Mr. Cub'—is ready to play two." —President Obama."I still believe we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." —President Obama."As a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the American dream they helped defend." —President Obama.Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the House just voted to roll back progress. It's time for solutions, not politics.."Michelle and I are like parents everywhere—we want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." —President Obama."We may not all be rooting for the Lions, but America is rooting for Detroit." —President Obama."We can help every American get the education they need to get ahead in this country." —President Obama."Detroit always comes back." —President Obama."I will miss Stuart Scott ... Over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired us—with courage and love." —President Obama."Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." —President Obama."This is what makes America exceptional. We welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world.” —President Obama."Not everybody will qualify under this provision—that's the truth. That's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." —President Obama."We’ll keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. But that means felons, not families." —President Obama."To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better … Pass a bill." —President Obama."I'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." —President Obama."We've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all Americans." — President Obama."Ten million Americans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance." — President Obama."For the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent." — President Obama."Happy Halloween, everybody. I see a lot of you came as college students." — President Obama at Rhode Island College."Bold, big-hearted, and Boston strong, Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." —President Obama on the passing Tom Menino."Today, we honor Malala and Kailash’s achievements." —President Obama on the Nobel Peace Prize announcement."America’s economic greatness has never trickled from the top down—it grows from a rising, thriving middle class." —President Obama."Let's agree that no one who works full time in America should ever have to work in poverty." —President Obama."Together, we renew our commitment to better prevent, detect, and treat breast cancer." —President Obama on Breast Cancer Awareness Month."We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it." —President Obama."For more than two centuries, our founding charter has guided our progress and defined us as a people." —President Obama on Constitution Day."We've seen again and again how national service gives young people valuable training … and employers have noticed." —President Obama."Vermonters sent him to Washington to follow his conscience, and he did them proud." —President Obama on Senator James Jeffords' passing."Robin Williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny ... and everything in between. But he was one of a kind." —President Obama."After all that we've had to overcome, our Congress should stop standing in the way of our country's success." —President Obama."The fact is we could be much further along ... if Congress would do the job that the people sent them here to do." —President Obama.