What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?.Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox.The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!.James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!.Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes......North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!.Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!.Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!.Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!.It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!.We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!.Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!.I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy..Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!.I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!.Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!.Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!.Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?.Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show.I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!.Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!.Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!.It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.....is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"....to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story.......intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed......Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not.....THANK YOU!.Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare..Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!.The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!.Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!.I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!.Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!.Going to CPAC!.find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW.The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even.......Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!.Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!.Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!.One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!.The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!.Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor..HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!.Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it..Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!."One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest.General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others..Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!.Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it..Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!.FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!.The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!.Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!.The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!.Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?.This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign..The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?.Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!.Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!.I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!.After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L.A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!.I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!.Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!.I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the......SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!...Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!....long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero...Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so.....Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!.Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?.Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!.If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!.It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!.The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!.I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!.Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting..What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!.I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!.Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!.The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!.Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?.Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision.What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!.Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!.We must keep "evil" out of our country!.A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S..Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!.Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!.Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!.Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!.Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!.Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!.Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!.If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?.Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!.Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!.Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!.Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all..When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!.Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!.The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G..Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?.If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!.There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!.protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!....Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III..Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!.Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!....dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST.of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting..Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!.I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!.even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!.I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and.....Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!.Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views..Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly..Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!.We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!.What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people..Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring....the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..."It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham..Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!.to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!.Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!."thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP.country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff.".With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our......The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before..People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!.Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!.much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?.Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)....For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!.will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!.The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number...Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!.mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!.Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to.......A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support..The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!.have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!.What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never......Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably....It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued.....All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!.James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!.We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on.Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?.I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!.Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!.Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!.FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!.Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a......Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!.Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!.I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!.both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!.have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and.....Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We......Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!.Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!.Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!.Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!.I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it..Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for.....and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE.Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the.......The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!.So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?.The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia.......How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!.Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax..to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!.The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people........do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is.....The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they...Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement".massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!.Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases.......things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass..Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible.......The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!.I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you..There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield..With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it.The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare..General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!.North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!.Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and......Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!.Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!.We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but........Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!.President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!.The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!.President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc..Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!.The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!.slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?.The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will.......my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!.My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with....The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!.The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS..I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!.I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!.I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently.Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!.especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states.Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ....We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media)..Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!.We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!.China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act..Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?.If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?.The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!.Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!.The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments..Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!.I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State..I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!.Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office..I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning..Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?.I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!.Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!.As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!.Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed..Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!.their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!.Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into...The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!.expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS.wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but......fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  .......The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,.Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad.Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call..The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!.Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C..My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!.Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!.Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!.do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses...great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to .....ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country..Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier.I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!.My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!.Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!.Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!.Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!.In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad.this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --.of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --.during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --.and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -.Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change.The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!.Fidel Castro is dead!.I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!.Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!.Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!.I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!.General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!.Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior.The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!.Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!.The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!.I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country..Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!.Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico.I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story..Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!.The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!.If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily.The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!.Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!.Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!.Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!.This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!.Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!.Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!.Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!.A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!.Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before.Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!.I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!.TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon..MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!.ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!.My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina..Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all..I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!.You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!.Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!.Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!.Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!.We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!.I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!.Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!.Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!.A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?.REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!.Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!.Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!.Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!.The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!.Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!."If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton.The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!.Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!.The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times..Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary..That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught.Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?.We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!)..Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!.Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc..The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!.The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD.Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!.Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!.Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!.Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!.Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country..Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election.This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!.Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!.Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon..I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!.Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!.The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored..Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!.I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run..In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!.The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!.Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!.With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!.It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to..Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty..Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!.Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee.Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!.If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies..There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse.So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!.Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you..Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!.Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful..The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!.Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!.Both are looking good! Now we begin!.Here we go - Enjoy!.I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!.Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!.Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world..Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters..I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!.Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone..For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!.Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist..Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?.Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con..Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!.Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!.My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders..Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!.Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!.Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!.Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!.If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!.Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!.The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again..Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!.Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!.Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning..Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change..Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!.Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!.I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC..Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama..Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good..I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!.Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!.I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement..I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!.Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?.Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?.While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!.Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!.Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!.Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!.Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible..With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted..Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto..Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!."A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News..Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!.Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!.As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP..China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!.Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?.The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!.Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!.I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!.Poll numbers way up - making big progress!.Mexico will pay for the wall!.Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting..Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb.".I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow..From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!.Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!.Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT.Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere.Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!.Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!.I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue..I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?.My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers..Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!.How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?.I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve.What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!.Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!.Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!.Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!.Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!.My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar..President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!.Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!.It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!.Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas..Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!.I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!.Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!.Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night..They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!.Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!.I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!.It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!.I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!.Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!.My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm..We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres..ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!.I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!.A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!.Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber..When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?.I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!.Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!.Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails..Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!.The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!.I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!.I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!.Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!.Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED.".Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!.Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!.Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!.President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie..There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!.Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!.President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!.Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!.People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!.The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life..Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?.When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?.CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs..CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton..So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!.When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!.This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!.Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!.The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?.I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!.Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!.The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!.Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?.I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!.Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings.Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!.Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities..Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!.Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country..I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!.Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!.The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!."Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!.Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!.Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!.No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes..Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world..Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety..Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!.Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words..Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton..A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees..Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair..Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic.Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!.Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!.Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!.The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!.Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?.I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!.No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!.For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia..In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!.Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!.The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!.Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch..Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great.Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time..Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!.Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs..If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself..Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!.While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers..Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War..The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!.Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!.Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!.Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie..If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same..Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!.How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!.The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me.The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!.The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!.Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!.Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out.If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild.I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!.Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!.There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!.An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates..Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!.Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!.Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT.The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!.Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!.The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!.Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!.I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!.Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!.Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!.Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA..Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED.Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!.Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!.The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?.I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam..Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?.Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich..Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!.What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!.Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!.Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!.I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!.Arena was packed, totally electric!.Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!.John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!.The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails..Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!.In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!.Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!.Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!.The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!.Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!.President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!.Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!.We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching.If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H.I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!.It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!.As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!.We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!.Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over.Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!.Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!.Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!.Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!.Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done.Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!.Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City..My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!.In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement..Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse..I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA..If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!.Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!.On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others..Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity..Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!.The Republican platform is most 
pro-Israel of all time!.New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!.Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!.Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton..Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs..I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!.Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!.For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need..Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!.Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan..The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!.President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!.Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!.Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami..Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country.After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary..Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!.Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live..Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C..Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City..Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City.Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!.Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement..Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!.Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!.Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win.The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment..Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!.Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?.With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!.The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!.Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!.Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!.Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!.Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!.I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!.The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."."THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!".On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!.Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know..It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!.It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!.The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release.Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!.Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter..As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!.Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!.ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!.Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?.Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!.We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States..Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad..Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment..Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton..The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November.Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage..Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time.Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!.People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!.Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son.Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!.George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls.Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!.Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!.I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!.We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place..So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!.Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!.The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!.Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster.Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see..Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!.Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!.Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!.Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border..ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump."Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump.Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying.".Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!.Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest..Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays..I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S..Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe..How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?.Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy..I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton..Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!.When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees.How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!.In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!.People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando.Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!.I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns..The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!.Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs..AMERICA FIRST!.American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening..In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror..I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!.What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough.Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!.Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!.Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded..Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!.Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!.Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is.Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO..The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!.Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice..Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!.Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!.As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!.Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me..Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved.In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!.I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!.Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!.Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!.The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!.Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police.Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile..In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!.Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!.So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!.Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!.Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!.Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions..After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres..With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC..Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!.Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!.Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!.Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc..I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me..I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump.I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!.I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record.Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H..If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!.Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!.Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them..Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!.I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you..I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard..The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H..Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history..The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!.Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim..Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!.I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!.Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media..Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups..Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of
our vets!.The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!.Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!.How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?.Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!.Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!.Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!.Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!.While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!.Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!.Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!.Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!.Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!.I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!.Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!.My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!.Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!.Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you..I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!.Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!.Will go back on for a final question now!.I like Michael Douglas!.Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?.Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!.How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?.Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?.Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!.Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history.Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China.The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!.What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no..I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!."In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!.Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run..The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!.If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?.Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!.If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue..Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!.Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!.Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”.If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!.Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold..Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!.I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!.Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!.It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!.It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position..Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!.Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!.I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!.Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!.I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!.Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!.Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?.Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts..Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me..Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy..Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American..Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!.I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both..Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!.Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now..Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!.Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!.So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!.Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!.I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!.What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!.Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!.Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!.Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!.I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!.Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!.Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA..Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!.Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!.I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!.The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!.Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!.So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!.Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort.Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!.Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!.I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!.How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!.The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!.On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!.Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work..Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!.I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!.As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!.I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!.Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!.I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!.Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!.Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!.We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!.Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!.Thank you New York, I will never forget!.A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him.Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!.Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!.Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him..I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!.Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!.The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters.Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!.Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!.The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!.How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!.I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!.Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!.Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight.So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!.It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!.Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!.I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!.Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?.Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?.Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!.